README.md, before:

# Space Shooter

This is a simple TypeScript-based space shooter game that utilizes multiple web APIs to create an interactive experience.

## Project Setup

### Prerequisites

Before you can run this project, make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) (commonly used IDE)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/space_shooter.git
    ```

2. Navigate to project directory:

    ```bash
    cd space_shooter
    ```

3. Open project with Visual Studio Code:

    ```
    code .
    ```

4. Install the project dependencies
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

### Build and run the project

1.  To build the TypeScript project and compile the code into JavaScript:
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

2. Install Live Server (Five Server) from Visual Studio Code extenstions.

3. Right mouse click on the index.html file and click open with Five Server.

Commit message:

Added background music and soundeffects using web audio API

README.md, after:

# Space Shooter

This is a simple TypeScript-based space shooter game that utilizes multiple web APIs to create an interactive experience. Used web APIs are keyboard API, animation API, Canvas API and audio API.

All audios used in project are royalty free from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/)

## Project Setup

### Prerequisites

Before you can run this project, make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) (commonly used IDE)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/space_shooter.git
    ```

2. Navigate to project directory:

    ```bash
    cd space_shooter
    ```

3. Open project with Visual Studio Code:

    ```
    code .
    ```

4. Install the project dependencies
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

### Build and run the project

1.  To build the TypeScript project and compile the code into JavaScript:
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

2. Install Live Server (Five Server) from Visual Studio Code extenstions.

3. Right mouse click on the index.html file and click open with Five Server.
